one two three
salutations humans robotoid he will
further instructions as to how to train
your measly bank across with our
superior lines we will persuade you to I
super smash brothers brawl for the
Nintendo Wii brawl builds on the
foundation laid by previous Super Smash
games with who characters status
features gameplay walls and online play
perhaps the most significant addition is
the final smash attack will also taught
yes Robo Steve you're super smash game
play scales are inferior to mine that is
either through your relevant please let
your robe Obama said you speak lies you
are cruising for a robo bruzzi my son XD
turret is on top I will destroy you with
the power of Marvel some pretty I'll cut
your plumber is dude
I am victorious incorrect I am the
winner moving on you suck Lou human game
developers have filled brawl windmills
customization options the fighting is
surprisingly deep but little trolls are
simple intuitive willow tipo players bro
is incredibly addictive however a
single-player story would has also been
implemented for humans with no friends
this game will keep you distracted for
once oblivious to the imminent throw by
the brightly you will buy it now infamy
transmission incoming transmission from
Nintendo head warriors why would you
tell contact do they must recognize my
superior gameplay scales whatever I am
receiving information regarding the
super smash brothers brawl character
roster is amazing but the day was full
so many characters already are there or
yes that was only litany I possess
knowledge of new super-secret unlockable
characters behold do you as a world
exclusive gaze in awe of the smash
brothers
you
Oh
perhaps they have gone too far awesome I
challenge your iPhone with my outdoor my
pretentious commercial attack will
annihilate you you are no match for my
global warming combo attack
yes I